Then we congratulate No. 2 contestant Liu Wenli
successfully advanced
You have c
The key is
Liu Wenli Liu Wenyi Liu Wenli
I have meaning
Contestant No. 2 Lin Wenli violated the rules
He is not qualified to stand on the stage at all
You want to report Lin Wenli
What violation?
I didn't break the rules.
Lin Wenli uses stimulants
Malice wins
You talk nonsense I don't have it
It doesn't matter, you do the result, come out quickly
Do you want to publish the urine test results?
The urine race is suspended
We just did urine tests on both players
It depends on the urine test results.
I have a feeling he must have used it
Otherwise, how could you possibly fight?
Queen's Daughter
I just heard that he used to play black boxing
Sure enough, only these dirty tricks will be used
I still have evidence in Lin Wenli's bag
This is the bag that Lin Wenli carries with her.
This is indeed a stimulant
I wasn't using stimulants.
No need, this must be your noble
Don't be stubborn
As a black boxer, you often use these methods.
I don't take it for granted anymore.
I didn't expect you to do such a thing
Say I really don't have it
Urine test results are out
Checked contestant Lin Wenli
Illegal use of stimulants
It's about cheating.
Cancel this UFC competition result